Update Removing_a_DataMiner_Agent_from_a_DataMiner_System.md (#3988)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/DataMiner_Systems/Removing_a_DataMiner_Agent_from_a_DataMiner_System.md

1. In the confirmation box, click *Yes*.

> 1. Stop the Agent you have removed and decommission it.

Author: Decommissioning is pretty clear to me. This is how chatgpt describes it:

Decommissioning is the process of taking a system, facility, equipment, or infrastructure out of active service, often in a safe, planned, and regulated manner. It typically involves several steps to ensure that the item or facility is no longer operational and, in some cases, repurposed, dismantled, or safely disposed of.

That's at least also how I meant it to be. Once removed from the cluster, the agent should no longer be used and in case of a VM just be removed. In case of bare metal, it must be reset, windows reinstalled maybe even,... Definitely not just be continued as single agent.

> 1. In case your system is cloud connected, go to [Admin.Dataminer.Services](https://admin.dataminer.services/) and navigate further to the DxMs page. Here you see an overview of all the agents with an option to remove a node from the Cloud system. Click the remove button next to the agent you have just removed and confirm.

Reviewer: We should avoid the term "cloud-connected", as this is ambiguous (the DataMiner cloud or some other cloud?). I'd also split this over several steps, as it's better to make sure that one step corresponds with just one action.
```suggestion
1. If your system is connected to dataminer.services, open the [Admin app](https://admin.dataminer.services/) and go to the DxMs page.

  This page shows an overview of all Agents or "nodes", with the option to remove a node from the system.

1. Click the garbage can icon next to the Agent you have just removed and confirm.
```

Author: ok with cloud connected, but for me personally this action is one step with several parts. (but no strong opinion, I'll leave it up to you)

> 1. Restart your Cube to have a correct overview on all places.

Reviewer: What do you mean with "to have a correct overview on all places"?

Author: Well, we noticed that for example the BPA UI could still show the old agent until you reconnect with Cube. Other places might have the same, although we haven't found any, I wanted to be sure and just mentioned it as 'all places'.
